[DOCS] Reformats search template and multi search template APIs (#46236)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-template.asciidoc

[[search-template]]
=== Search Template

> Allows to use the mustache language to pre render search requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to use the mustache language to pre render search requests.
```

// CONSOLE
// TEST[setup:twitter]

[[search-template-api-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

`GET _search/template`

[[search-template-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

> The `/_search/template` endpoint allows to use the mustache language to pre 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/_search/template` endpoint allows you to use the mustache language to pre- 
```

render search requests, before they are executed and fill existing templates 
with template parameters.

For more information on how Mustache templating and what kind of templating you
can do with it check out the http://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html[online
documentation of the mustache project].

NOTE: The mustache language is implemented in {es} as a sandboxed scripting 
language, hence it obeys settings that may be used to enable or disable scripts 
per type and context as described in the 
<<allowed-script-types-setting, scripting docs>>.

[[search-template-api-path-params]]
==== {api-path-parms-title}

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=index]

[[search-template-api-query-params]]
==== {api-query-parms-title}

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=allow-no-indices]

`ccs_minimize_roundtrips`::

>   (Optional, boolean) If `true`, network round-trips will be minimized as part 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, boolean) If `true`, network round-trips are minimized for 
```

>   of cross-cluster search requests execution. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 cross-cluster search requests. Defaults to `true`.
```

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=expand-wildcards]

`explain`::
  (Optional, boolean) If `true`, the response includes additional details about 
  score computation as part of a hit. Defaults to `false`.

`ignore_throttled`::
  (Optional, boolean) If `true`, specified concrete, expanded or aliased indices 
  are not included in the response when throttled. Defaults to `false`. 

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=index-ignore-unavailable]

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=preference]

`profile`::

>   (Optional, boolean) If `true`, the query execution will be profiled. Defaults 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, boolean) If `true`, the query execution is profiled. Defaults 
```

  to `false`.

`rest_total_hits_as_int`::

>   (Optional, boolean) If `true`, `hits.total` will be rendered as an integer in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, boolean) If `true`, `hits.total` aree rendered as an integer in 
```

>   the rest search response. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the response. Defaults to `false`.
```

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=routing]

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=scroll]

include::{docdir}/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc[tag=search_type]

`typed_keys`::

>   (Optional, boolean) If `true`, aggregation and suggester names will be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, boolean) If `true`, aggregation and suggester names are 
```

  prefixed by their respective types in the response. Defaults to `false`.
  

[[search-template-api-request-body]]
==== {api-request-body-title}

> The API request body must contain the search definition template and its params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API request body must contain the search definition template and its parameters.
```

> //////////////////////////

Reviewer: Delete this comment. This is causing the CI to fail.

> //////////////////////////

Author: ```suggestion

```
